Israeli forces remain inside elifa
hospital after launching a fourth raid
since the war on Gaza began after
shelling and shooting inside the complex
Israeli troops have been going room to
room detaining people Sheltering inside
the Israeli military says 20 people were
killed in the siege it says Hamas
Fighters were hiding in the
building well in a few moments we'll
speak to vill Marx who is an occupied
East Jerusalem for us but first let go
to hanim mmud who is live for us in Rafa
in southern Gaza and honey Israeli
forces is still at Al shifa what's the
latest you're hearing from
there yes Tom well let's start with the
fact that is really military with Drew
from the inside the asifa complex when
what seem to be a tactical withdrawal
and one more time stormed the hospital
at later hours and right now what is
doing on the ground and bulldozing the
courtyard of the of the hospital the
front yard the backyard of the hospital
and conducting an aggressive search
building to building room to room and
also Warehouse inside shifa hospital and
been doing so it causing a great deal of
damage to the property and a really
overwhelmed and damage to property from
the time it was a storm uh in early
December uh last year uh but right now
we're looking at the an an unconfirmed
reports right now various reports about
large number of people have been uh
detained inside the hospital other than
the previous numbers uh of early
mornings of of yesterday we're looking
at closer to 150 or a little over than
depending on the uh the kind of reports
that we're looking at still unconfirmed
but there are at least 20 people have
been killed inside a shifa complex as
the storm continued and one of the
people were killed inside the hospital
is a top security Comm commander who
have been coordinating the efforts
between Gaza Clans and Ona and have
successfully secured the delivery of a 0
trucks within the past two days uh to uh
the northern part of Gaza City at the
northern part of the strip and Gaza City
and by doing so the according to what we
heard from a people in Gaza and the
northern part by killing this command
security Commander uh they're looking at
more chaotic situations are going to
happen as uh it just it shattered a
sense of safety security for other
people to uh continue coordinating uh
this kind of work on to deliver Aid to
the northern part and Gaza City and
honey it's it's not just elifa is it
there there have been more strikes and
attacks elsewhere overnight
too yes well the air strikes continue to
pound also at the vicinity of of aifa
complex more of the residential
buildings are not only being
relentlessly bombed right now we've
heard about two residential buildings at
the northern gate of the shifa hospital
they've been completely destroyed uh
also from the southern part of the
complex one more residential building a
mosque at the western part of of it
overnight air strikes here in rafah City
targeted several area in central raan
eastern part of the city killing at
least 14 people and again we're look at
the same pattern of people who are being
killed by these attacks uh overnight
women and children displaced families
inside uh residential homes so at least
three areas were targeted overnight
attacks in Gaza City at almost at the
same time when the overnight attacks
happen in ra another Relentless air
strike in West in the uh northern part
of Gaza City mainly in a shwan district
where a residential home with displaced
families inside of it where uh destroyed
the initial reports talk about six
people who transferred to Kamal adwan
hospital and large number of injuries
but again we're looking since asifa
hospital is under military Siege right
now and the the military is operating
inside of it all it transferred to a
really a a a overwhelmed and almost out
of service Hospital in the northern part
kamalan hospital that put the life of
those injuries at risk right now as
there is no medical uh treatment or
medical supply available to do to save
lives right now okay thanks so much
honey we really appreciate it as always
honey mmud for us there in
Rafa okay let's bring in vill Marx who
is in occupied East Jerusalem for us and
vill what is the result of the Israeli
operation so far from their point of
view well thean military's last major
statement on this came overnight they
talked about the fact that they were
continuing their operations in and
around the complex they'd arrested 200
people they suspected of acting against
them they're now interrogating
investigating those individuals they
said that they killed 20 people don't
forget they said they came under Fire
they returned fire from several Hospital
buildings they also said that they had
killed an individual called f makbul
they described him as a senior special
operations directorate for hamas's
internal security people we've spoken to
in Gaza though this morning have said he
was a law enforcement officer no doubt
part of the Hamas structure but
essentially a policeman and had played a
critical role over the last few weeks in
making sure that Aid convoys through the
strip could pass safely and unhindered
so his death something the Israeli
government the Israeli military talking
about as significant it will be
interesting to see what that means for
law enforcement and that kind of support
for Aid convoys in the days ahead yeah
indeed vill what does the raid
ultimately say about us Israel's
continued military activities in
Gaza it shows very clearly that areas
that they had previously operated in
including this complex as early as
November are still places where they
come under Fire presumably from Hamas
Fighters they said they acted on
intelligence to go back into this
Hospital complex they are not just going
to be focused on Rafa which has been
really really important both from their
perspective militarily but from an
international pressure perspective
because of the numbers of individuals
civilians in that region in that
southern part of Gaza this seems to
indicate that it's going to be
incredibly complicated over the next few
weeks to hold onto territory in Gaza for
the Israeli military without coming
under attack from Hamas and that again
is another reason there may be further
pressure on the Israeli government to
try and figure out a ceasefire deal okay
thank you thank you so much vill uh vill
marks for us there in occupied East
Jerusalem